Rewrite of requirements and more emphasis on bare metal (#3499)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain/kusama/maintain-guides-how-to-validate-kusama.md

### Requirements

> The most common way for a beginner to run a validator is on a cloud/VPS server. Another way is to install on a dedicated server ("bare metal"). You may choose whatever [VPS](#vps-list) or [dedicated server](#dedicated-server-providers) provider you prefer but keep in mind that node hardware should run at a level equal to or above the standard benchmark machines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common way for a beginner to run a validator is on a cloud/VPS server. Another way is to install on a dedicated server ("bare metal"). You may choose any [VPS](#vps-list) or [dedicated server](#dedicated-server-providers) provider you prefer, but keep in mind that node hardware should run at a level equal to or above the standard benchmark machines. 
```

> Many VPS providers seem to fall short in practice, despite good looking specifications. Most validators who are actively validating progress to a dedicated server. 

Reviewer: retain the markdown link to dedicated server providers section

```suggestion
Many VPS providers seem to fall short in practice, despite good looking specifications. Most validators who are
serious about setting up an active validator progress to a
[dedicated server](#dedicated-server-providers).
```

> #### Software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Operating System
```

You may use whatever operating system you are comfortable with. For this guide we will be using **Ubuntu 20.04**, but the instructions should be similar for other platforms.

#### Hardware

> The transactions weights in Polkadot were benchmarked on standard hardware. It is recommended that validators run at least the standard hardware in order to ensure they are able to process all blocks in time. The following are not _minimum requirements_ but if you decide to run with less than this beware that you might have performance issue.  

Reviewer: rephrasing a little bit

```suggestion
The following specs are not the _minimum requirements_, but if you decide to run with less than this, your validator nodes might face performance issues. The transaction weights on Kusama are benchmarked on standard hardware. It is recommended that the validator nodes run on machines matching the standard hardware specs in order to ensure block processing and production in time. 
```
